they fought a deadly war
their house was farther away from my place
So I think we would not be alive if our ancestors did not develop sciences and technologies .
Imagine yourself you are working in factory just to do one thing like put air a on car if they fire you you will be destroyed , because you do n't know more than to put air a in car .
For example , they can play football whenever they want , but the elders can not .
While It is true that consumers prefer to buy products with lower prices , when international companies that are already certified begin to send their products to market , people will prefer to consume those goods because the difference in price will probably not affect them too much .
And young people spend more time on their lifestyles .
Students can focus on only a few subjects they are interested in and they will become experts in those areas .
He thinks differently than others and he has succeeded .
These activities make the community a better place to live and include those values in all the members .
all the broad knowledge helps them to understand their major in university classes , as well as help them to make a correct choice in a specialized area .
I could very easily understand why he would always bring bad marks home .
Then , when we went to the Science Olympiad , she had diverse knowledge about the subjects , and it was not new for her to think about new things .
If every person tries to learn and understand lots of scientific subjects , no person will do it and , as a result of this , no science will be improved .
they will run out very soon at the current rate of utilization .
and it will put your mind into non-stop learning .
In today 's world Computer skills are the first important life skill .
I have never stopped myself to think this , but this is a real possibility for the future .
If we consider an idea as a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , I think the ideas are useless , and not based on experience .
If there are specialized doctors that have done the operation often , he becomes talented in his job .
It will be good situation .
the school teachers there are the ones who create the future of the younger generation so we have to teach them better .
some tour guide will want to set maximum security to make the tour difficult because you will only have a wonderful view through the bus .
this will affect exams .
But on the other hand there are also people that are often convinced by the interesting advertisements they see everywhere , because of this many times they have to face problems with the product that they bought and many times there is no way to give back that product .
Ever increasing competency rates force them into frequent business model changes for a compatible transitional flexibility .
However , this reading passage casts doubts on the speaker 's mention .
For example , in the 2 0 0 6 world cup form Germany , many coaches on a team .
Many Scientists obtained clear results of investigations after the facts were on the table , but before they could even begin to theorize about them .
They want to make people understand that their product is the best and you can really trust it .
Video is convenient , but if teachers are concerned about students , using textbooks is a good ability for students .
In my opinion , it is dependent on a particular person .
for example when we talk about speed they must understand why it is dangerous it is better than if they have an accident and learn after that .
Therefore people will be able to live with the automobile society and nature for the future .
finally , the third piece of evidence that birds use a type of internal compass is that birds have crystals of the mineral magnetite embedded in their break .
The lecturer says it is more important to provide enough fish to the people .
Furthermore , a tour guide will also provide safety and security for travel , since they already know the dos and don'ts of the tour .
Which caused her situation to worsen .
This argument is not only true now , it has always been .
The Last thing they have to study is disease , which means they will be safe .
There are very successful politicians that have never tried something new .
